feat(boards): Add support for nRF5340 DK (#1562)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/development/build-flash.md

```
west flash
```

## Multi-CPU and Dual-Chip Bluetooth Boards

> Zephyr supports running the Bluetooth host and controller on separate processors. In such a configuration, ZMK always runs on the host processor, but you may need to build and flash separate firmware for the controller. Zephyr provides sample code which can be used as the controller firmware for Bluetooth HCI over [RPMsg](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/samples/bluetooth/hci_rpmsg/README.html), [SPI](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/samples/bluetooth/hci_spi/README.html), [UART](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/samples/bluetooth/hci_uart/README.html), and [USB](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/samples/bluetooth/hci_usb/README.html). See [Zephyr's Bluetooth Stack Architecture documentation] for more details.

Reviewer: Missing target for the last link?

Author: Fixed.

> Zephyr supports running the Bluetooth host and controller on separate processors. In such a configuration, ZMK always runs on the host processor, but you may need to build and flash separate firmware for the controller. Zephyr provides sample code which can be used as the controller firmware for Bluetooth HCI over [RPMsg](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/samples/bluetooth/hci_rpmsg/README.html), [SPI](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/samples/bluetooth/hci_spi/README.html), [UART](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/samples/bluetooth/hci_uart/README.html), and [USB](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/samples/bluetooth/hci_usb/README.html). See [Zephyr's Bluetooth Stack Architecture documentation](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/connectivity/bluetooth/bluetooth-arch.html) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zephyr supports running the Bluetooth host and controller on separate processors. In such a configuration, ZMK always runs on the host processor, but you may need to build and flash separate firmware for the controller. Zephyr provides sample code which can be used as the controller firmware for Bluetooth HCI over [RPMsg](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/3.2.0/samples/bluetooth/hci_rpmsg/README.html), [SPI](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/3.2.0/samples/bluetooth/hci_spi/README.html), [UART](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/3.2.0/samples/bluetooth/hci_uart/README.html), and [USB](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/3.2.0/samples/bluetooth/hci_usb/README.html). See [Zephyr's Bluetooth Stack Architecture documentation](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/3.2.0/connectivity/bluetooth/bluetooth-arch.html) for more details.
```

Pinning docs versions like this might be good since they tend to break between Zephyr versions.

Author: Yeah. That's a good idea. Thanks!
